Feature/allow auxiliary types with no connector (#182)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/advanced_usage/how_to_auxiliary.rst

    of threading, only the base class needs to be changed from
    ``AuxiliaryInterface`` to ``MpAuxiliaryInterface``. The actual
    implementation does not need any adaptation.

.. _aux_without_connector:

Auxiliary without connector
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If by default all auxiliaries require a connector, it is possible to create
> one without a connector. To do this, an attribute connector_required will have
> to be set to False when the auxiliary is initialized.
> Then, no connector option should be specified in the yaml configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If by default all auxiliaries require a connector, in some specific cases, 
it may complicate the total implementation. Therefor `connector_required` 
parameter was defined.

.. notes:: Auxiliaries that should fall into this category will need to be discussed case by case.

..warning:: Auxiliaries entering this category will raise an error if a connector is indeed assigned to it in the .yaml. Hybrid cases do not exist.
```

Author: Done

> See bellow an example of an auxiliary without connector:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See below an example of an auxiliary without connector:
```

.. code:: python

  class ExampleAuxiliary(SimpleAuxiliaryInterface):
    """Example auxiliary without a connector"""

    def __init__(self) -> None:
      """Initialize the auxiliary"""
      self.connector_required = False
      super().__init__()

See below for an example of its yaml config file:

.. code:: python

  auxiliaries:
    aux1:
      config: null

>       type: pykiso.lib.auxiliaries.dut_auxiliary:ExampleAuxiliary

Reviewer 3: maybe use a fake path for your ExampleAuxiliary and not a existing ITF module

Author: Done
